Hey, I didn't expect that we still have such a character
Well, but I think so.
This guy is insidious
He liked to pay for roads.
I also like to use money to poach people, for example
For example, Chen Xiuling, the former vice president of Shixinghui
He poached it. Wow.
Well, it's nice to be rich.
Anyway, be careful
He will definitely come to you. Why are you looking for me?
Of course it's digging you
He can give me 100 million or not, I don't care anyway
If you want to add it, you can only add our teacher's heart club.
He only has a few stinky money, what is it?
Don't worry, I will definitely use my wallet.
Take good care of our boss
Okay, continue training tomorrow
When can I be alone?
Let's go beat up those little sisters
enter
Captain, this is the funding list you want
Xiuling, please while I'm away
It's all what I should do right.
Did something big happen while I was away?
I really have an opinion on what to say.
Then say it.
A man named Shen Qingyan had a fight with him at 7:30
Shen Qingyan is quite sensational